Wang Zhongqi
You still like to bully people so much
Who is that guy?
It seems to be before the Wang family
The third son who was swept out
I didn't expect him to come too
Wang Shuze, you really dare to come?
Oops, I just got a school captain
How dare you run for the Heaven Dou God General?
Are you out of your mind?
Hey Heaven Dou General
Shame on the Able
I like this little brother very much.
Oops, really don't say that again
I know you're just looking for a backer
But ah, you really found the wrong one.
He is in our Wang family
Just an illegitimate child
His position in the Wang family is not even as good as that of a dog
Humph, illegitimate child with bereaved dog
Linzer, I think you two can just make a pair
The time has come for the election to begin
everyone
I am the host of this conference Citi Moon
The main criteria for this election are
Longtai test
Longtai is my quality assurance under the dragon
You can measure everyone's combat power
Everyone's combat power is different
It gives off a different kind of luminosity.
White light is fundamental
And then the next one is green.
blue purplish red
There are 5 levels in total.
Correct it.
Except for the red light
And other light colors
That's golden light
And what are you?
Do you have a say here?
Mr. Lin is right
There is indeed golden light above the red light
But the red light is downstairs
It hasn't been seen for a long time
Let alone golden light
Boy, you like to be a conspicuous bag so much.
Anyway, there should be a level of red light, right?
That's where I was when I was 15.